Restructure documentation in test-infra (#110)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/cluster/README.md

# Cluster

## Overview

This folder contains files related to the configuration of the Prow production cluster that are used during the cluster provisioning.

### Project structure

<!-- Update the folder structure each time you modify it. -->

The structure of the folder looks as follows:

```
  ├── 01-cert-manager.yaml        # Definition of the Cert Manager and related resources, required to manage the SSL certificates that ensure the trusted website connection.

>   ├── 02-cluster-issuer.yaml      # Definition of the resource responsible for creating new certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── 02-cluster-issuer.yaml      # Definition of the resource which creates new certificates.
```

Reviewer: Also: dots

>   ├── 03-tls-ing_ingerss.yaml     # Definition of the encrypted Ingress that accesses the Prow cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ├── 03-tls-ing_ingress.yaml     # Definition of the encrypted Ingress that accesses the Prow cluster.
```

Author: Ok, I can see now that it was fixed.

>   └── starter.yaml                # Basic definition of Prow, including ConfigMaps, deployments, and Custom Resource definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  └── starter.yaml                # Basic definition of Prow, including ConfigMaps, Deployments, and Custom Resource Definitions.
```
